Link RFCs to README using Doxygen link (#582)
libical/libical: doc/UsingLibical.md

calendar clients can communicate with calendar servers so users can
store their calendar data and arrange meetings with other users.

> Libical implements multiple [RFC calendar standards](@ref about).

Author: An alternative would look like this:

```suggestion
Libical implements multiple RFC calendar standards, listed in the [README](../README.md).
```

We could then remove the `{#about}` tag from the README.

Reviewer: Thanks .
I took the first idea and modified it a bit by add a new "RFCs" section to the README.me

new version is up at http://libical.github.io/libical/apidocs/index.html
